Dan update dapp (#954)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/tutorials/build-a-dapp/prepare.md

![File Hash](assets/tutorials/build-a-dapp/file-hash.png)

> To add to this, blockchains also provide a robust identity systems though accounts that map to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add to this, blockchains also provide a robust identity system through accounts that map to 
```

[public keys](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography), and associations built on

> top of those keys (see the identity pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/v3.0.0/frame/identity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
top of those keys [see the identity pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/v3.0.0/frame/identity).
```

![File Hash](assets/tutorials/build-a-dapp/file-hash.png)

> To add to this, blockchains also provide a robust identity systems though accounts that map to 

Reviewer: Like this section. Adds context with references. Nice. 

Minor grammar error: " [...] provide a robust identity **system through** [...]"

[public keys](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography), and associations built on

> top of those keys (see the identity pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/v3.0.0/frame/identity).

Reviewer: Fix link: [see the identity pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/v3.0.0/frame/identity)
